xml-coreutils NEWS -- history of user visible changes
Copyright (C) 2006-2010 Laird Breyer.

xml-coreutils 0.8.1

The new command xml-paste merges instances of admissible nodes from
several XML files in parallel. 

xml-coreutils 0.8c

The {},{@},{-} symbols used by the xml-find are now substituted in all the 
command line strings wherever they occur (similar to GNU find behaviour).
This gives better integration with the shell, ie it allows commands such as
the following to work as expected:

xml-find :// -exec bash -c "some script which uses {} etc." \;

The xml-grep return code is now 0 if a pattern match was successful,
1 if not, and 2 if an error occurred. This is to support commands such as:

xml-grep 'secret' treasure.xml > /dev/null && echo "found"


xml-coreutils 0.8b

Bugfixes.

xml-coreutils 0.8a

This is functionally identical with 0.8, but fixes several compilation
and shell scripting errors that occur on various platforms.

xml-coreutils 0.8

This release has seen a lot of work done relative to the previous release.
The number of usable xml-commands has now grown to 18: xml-cat, xml-cp,
xml-cut, xml-echo, xml-find, xml-fixtags, xml-fmt, xml-grep, xml-head, 
xml-less, xml-ls, xml-mv, xml-printf, xml-rm, xml-sed, xml-strings, 
xml-unecho, xml-wc.

All the commands now follow a new, common unified command line convention
for XML input files and paths, which is more versatile and fits in much
better with the unix shell conventions. This means that the previously
available commands xml-strings, xml-ls, xml-find, xml-cat were changed
to follow the new convention.

The previously ad-hoc approach to whitespace has been redesigned. 
The xml-commands which output XML no longer pretty-print (even minimally) 
their output: instead whitespace and existing formatting in the input is 
preserved as far as possible. This new philosophy delegates all pretty
printing to the single command xml-fmt, which is expected to grow in 
functionality over time. Moreover, policy is now to use explicit TAB 
characters for indenting instead of spaces (except possibly in xml-fmt). 
The reason is that TABs allow cleaner/simpler postprocessing with other 
programs.

There is a new tempfile/signal processing subsystem, intended to ensure that
all temporary files are deleted correctly, even if the process is killed.

There also is a new test harness during the build stage, which can
be run using "make check" in the usual way.

The new XPATH facility can handle many common XPath constructions as
described in the man page xml-coreutils(7).

xml-coreutils 0.7

This release fixes some bugs, and adds the xml-strings, xml-ls and
xml-find commands (0.4 + 3*0.1 = 0.7). These commands don't have any
options yet, they're just wrappers :)

xml-coreutils 0.4

This is the initial release, which has functioning initial versions of
xml-cat, xml-echo, xml-printf, xml-less.
